edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CCRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CCRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/StarSearchResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.StarSearchResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/configs/GatewayConfigs.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.configs.GatewayConfigs
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/RequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.RequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/threadpool/ClientRequest.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.threadpool.ClientRequest
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/ConfigsModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.ConfigsModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/UpdateRatingRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.UpdateRatingRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/GatewayService.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.GatewayService
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/configs/IDMConfigs.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.configs.IDMConfigs
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CustomerRetrieveResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CustomerRetrieveResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/LoginResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.LoginResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/StarSearchByIDResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.StarSearchByIDResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/StarAddRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.StarAddRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/OrderRetrieveResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.OrderRetrieveResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/RegisterResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.RegisterResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieSearchByIDResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieSearchByIDResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ShopModifyRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ShopModifyRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/TransactionFeeModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.TransactionFeeModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/threadpool/ThreadPool.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.threadpool.ThreadPool
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/TransactionModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.TransactionModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/StarAddStarsinRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.StarAddStarsinRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/utilities/HTTPStatusCodes.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.utilities.HTTPStatusCodes
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/OrderPlaceResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.OrderPlaceResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ConfigsModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ConfigsModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/LoginRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.LoginRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/StarModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.StarModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/Model.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.Model
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/AmountModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.AmountModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/PrivilegeResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.PrivilegeResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/configs/MovieConfigs.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.configs.MovieConfigs
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/logger/ServiceLogger.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.logger.ServiceLogger
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/resources/GatewayEndpoint.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.resources.GatewayEndpoint
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ShopRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ShopRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CCRetrieveResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CCRetrieveResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/core/Gateway.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.core.Gateway
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieAddResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieAddResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/NoContentResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.NoContentResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/utilities/ResultCodes.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.utilities.ResultCodes
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/utilities/ModelValidator.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.utilities.ModelValidator
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/VerifyPrivilegeRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.VerifyPrivilegeRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/configs/ConfigsModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.configs.ConfigsModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/StarSearchRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.StarSearchRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/exceptions/ModelValidationException.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.exceptions.ModelValidationException
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/PrivilegeRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.PrivilegeRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieModelFull.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieModelFull
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ItemModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ItemModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/GenreSearchResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.GenreSearchResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieAddRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieAddRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/resources/IDMEndpoints.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.resources.IDMEndpoints
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/threadpool/ClientRequestQueue.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.threadpool.ClientRequestQueue
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CustomerRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CustomerRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/OrderRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.OrderRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ShopModifyResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ShopModifyResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CreditCardModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CreditCardModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/SessionRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.SessionRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CustomerModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CustomerModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ShopRetrieveResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ShopRetrieveResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/utilities/TransactionIDGenerator.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.utilities.TransactionIDGenerator
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/logger/ServiceFormatter.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.logger.ServiceFormatter
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieSearchRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieSearchRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/OrderCompleteRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.OrderCompleteRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/resources/MovieEndpoints.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.resources.MovieEndpoints
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CCModifyRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CCModifyRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieSearchResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieSearchResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/GenreAddRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.GenreAddRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/configs/BillingConfigs.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.configs.BillingConfigs
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/resources/TestPage.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.resources.TestPage
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/SessionResponseModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.SessionResponseModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/connectionpool/ConnectionPool.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.connectionpool.ConnectionPool
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/IDM/RegisterRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.IDM.RegisterRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/MovieModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.MovieModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/CustomerModifyRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.CustomerModifyRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/OrderItemsModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.OrderItemsModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/billing/ShopDeleteRequestModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.billing.ShopDeleteRequestModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/resources/BillingEndpoints.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.resources.BillingEndpoints
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/threadpool/Worker.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.threadpool.Worker
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/models/movie/GenreModel.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.models.movie.GenreModel
edu/uci/ics/gamendo1/service/api_gateway/threadpool/ListNode.java
 edu.uci.ics.gamendo1.service.api_gateway.threadpool.ListNode
